Official Challenges and Hackathon Rules - DEV Community 

 Skip to content 

 Navigation menu 

 Search 

 Powered by Algolia
 Search 

 Log in

 Create account

 DEV Community

 Close 

 Official Challenges and Hackathon Rules

 Updated February 25, 2026 

 MAJOR LEAGUE HACKING PBC INC GENERAL CONTEST OFFICIAL RULES 

 Sponsored by Major League Hacking PBC Inc. (" Sponsor ")

 NO ENTRY FEE. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.

 From time to time Sponsor may run hackathon contests, challenges, and competitions. An entrant's participation in the named contest stated in the applicable Contest Announcement Page to which these official rules apply (each a " Contest ") constitutes entrant's full and unconditional agreement to and acceptance of (i) these Major League Hacking PBC Inc. General Contest Official Rules (" Official Rules ") and (ii) the terms and conditions provided in the applicable "Contest Announcement Page" for such Contest, which are incorporated by reference into these Official Rules . In the event of a conflict between these Official Rules and the applicable Contest Announcement Page, the Official Rules will govern and control.

 We urge you to carefully read the terms and conditions of these Official Rules and those of the applicable Contest Announcement Page. Sponsor does not claim ownership rights in your Entry. These Official Rules describe the rights you give to Sponsor by submitting an Entry to participate in the Contest. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the meaning given in the Contest Announcement Page. 

 Agreement to Official Rules. By entering or participating in the Contest, you accept and agree to be bound by these " Official Rules ." If a participant is part of a team, each member of the team must read and agree to these Official Rules. IF YOU, AS AN ENTRANT (EACH INDIVIDUAL, EACH INDIVIDUAL MEMBER OF A TEAM, AND EACH ENTITY IS REFERRED TO AS AN " ENTRANT " IN THESE OFFICIAL RULES), DO NOT ACCEPT THESE OFFICIAL RULES IN THEIR ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT PARTICIPATE IN THE CONTEST OR SUBMIT AN ENTRY (DEFINED BELOW). IF YOU AGREE TO THESE OFFICIAL RULES ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY OR A TEAM OF INDIVIDUALS, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT ENTITY OR TEAM OF INDIVIDUALS TO THESE OFFICIAL RULES AND YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE OFFICIAL RULES WILL BE TREATED AS THE AGREEMENT OF THE ENTITY OR TEAM OF INDIVIDUALS. IN THAT EVENT, "ENTRANT" "YOU" AND "YOUR" REFER HEREIN TO THAT ENTITY OR TEAM OF INDIVIDUALS.

 Note regarding team participation: Any individual that is part of a team understands and agrees that if they are selected to receive a prize the team is responsible for ensuring the prize is appropriately distributed to each member of the team. The eligibility of an individual part of a team is tied to the team's eligibility; if one member of the team does not comply with these Official Rules, it not eligible or is disqualified, the entire team is disqualified.

 ELIGIBILITY. The Contest is a skill-based contest open to individuals who are not residents of the following jurisdictions: Afghanistan, Belarus, Central African Republic, Cuba, Equatorial Guinea, Iran, Iraq, Kosovo, Libya, Myanmar (Burma), North Korea, Russia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Tanzania, Venezuela, Yemen and are at least age eighteen (18) or older or are the legal age of majority in the jurisdiction in which they reside and capable of forming a binding contract with Sponsor as of the date of entry, that are DEV Members (defined below), and have an active email account and Internet access throughout the Entry Period. Residents of, or any entity organized or governed under the laws of any country or territory that may, from time to time, become subject to U.S. export controls or designated as a country that is subject to a general prohibition on U.S. persons engaging in financial and/or export transactions; or persons or entities on any restricted or prohibited party list maintained by the U.S. Departments of Commerce, State and the Treasury are not eligible to participate in the Contest. Employees of Sponsor and its parent company, affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising, promotion, fulfillment or other coordinating agencies, individuals providing services to Sponsor through an outsourcer or temporary employment agency during the Entry Period, and their respective immediate family members and persons living in their same household, are also not eligible to participate in the Contest. The Contest is void where prohibited or restricted by law or regulation. 

 As used in these Official Rules, " DEV Community Site " means Sponsor's social media network for programmers and related website located at dev.to ; and a " DEV Member " means a registered user of the DEV Community Site whose account is active and in good standing. Joining the DEV community and becoming a DEV Member is free. Visit the DEV Community Site for information on how to register.

 HOW TO ENTER . All entries must be submitted no later than the end of the Entry Period. You may enter the Contest during the Entry Period as provided on the applicable Contest Announcement Page. Please see the Contest Announcement Page for any limits on the number of entries for the applicable Contest in which you are participating.

 ENTRY REQUIREMENTS . Each Entry must include the minimum elements stated on the applicable Contest Announcement Page. In addition, all Entries into a Contest must satisfy the following additional entry requirements:

 a. By entering an Entry into the Contest, Entrant represents and warrants that (i) the Entry is the original creation of Entrant; (ii) it has the authority to provide the Entry to Sponsor; (iii) the Entry and any other materials or information provided by it in connection with the Contest (together the " Entry Materials ") do not infringe or misappropriate or violate a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary or intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy (" Intellectual Property Rights "), or violate any applicable law or regulation; (iv) development of your Entry was started during, and not prior to, the Entry Period ; and (v) the Entry is not obscene, lewd, profane, pornographic, disparaging, indecent and does not describe illegal or other inappropriate or dangerous behavior.

 b. Entries that do not meet the requirements set forth in these Official Rules may be disqualified at Sponsor's sole discretion. Entrants are responsible for all costs associated with preparing and submitting an Entry. All Entries that violate an Entrant's employer's policies, will be deemed ineligible. By entering an Entry, you acknowledge that Sponsor may obtain other Entries that are similar or identical in theme, format or other respects to that submitted by you. Entrant acknowledges that Sponsor does not waive any rights to use ideas, themes, or concepts previously known to Sponsor, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than Entrant, which may be similar to Entrant's Entry. You also agree that Entries may or may not be posted on the Contest Page or otherwise, in Sponsor's sole discretion. Entrant agrees that Sponsor is not responsible for any unauthorized use of an Entry by third parties.

 c. Sponsor's servers and clock will be deemed the official clock for the Contest and Entrant's proof of submission does not constitute proof of receipt by Sponsor. Entry Materials will not be returned to Entrants.

 RIGHTS IN ENTRY MATERIALS GRANTED BY YOU. As between Entrant and Sponsor, Entrant retains all ownership of an Entry. However by submitting an Entry, Entrant grants Sponsor a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, perpetual and irrevocable right and license to use, reproduce, modify (solely for the purposes of transmission), distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and transmit all or a portion of the Entry Materials in connection with the Contest, and for promotional purposes, including on and through third-party distribution channels selected by, but not affiliated with, Sponsor.

 JUDGING AND SELECTION OF A WINNER. All qualified entries will be judged by a panel of judges as selected by Sponsor. The Judging Criteria will be stated on the applicable Contest Announcement Page. The decisions of judges will be final.

 PRIZE. The prizes to be awarded from the Contest are as provided on the applicable Contest Announcement Page.

 The odds of winning a prize depends on the total number of eligible entries received and the skill of the entrants. If the actual value of the prize is less than the stated ARV, the difference will not be awarded. No substitution of a prize is permitted, except at the sole option of Sponsor for a prize of equal or greater value. Winners are solely responsible for any and all federal, state, provincial and local taxes, if any, that apply to prizes.

 Notification of Winner . The winner of the Contest will be notified by email within ten (10) business days of the winner's selection. The winner (including each member of a team) may be required to sign and return an affidavit of eligibility and publicity/liability release, and provide any additional tax filing information (such as a W-9, social security number or Federal tax ID number) within seven (7) business days following the date of first attempted notification. Failure to comply with these deadlines may result in forfeiture of the prize. If a selected winner cannot be contacted via the registration information provided with the Entry Materials, is ineligible, fails to claim the prize award or where applicable an affidavit of eligibility and publicity/liability release are not timely received, are incomplete or modified, the prize award may be forfeited and an alternate winner will be selected from remaining valid, eligible entries timely submitted. Sponsor is not responsible for any division or distribution of the prize award among or between team members or employees of a wining entity. In the event of a dispute regarding who submitted an Entry, the Entry will be deemed submitted by the authorized account holder of the e-mail account of the individual or team leader specified in the Entry Materials. " Authorized account holder " is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, online service provider or other organization (e.g., business, educational institution, etc.) that is responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address. Allow two (2) to four (4)] weeks from acknowledged acceptance by Sponsor of completed affidavit of eligibility and publicity/liability releases for delivery of prizes.

 Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability. 

 All prizes are granted without warranty of any kind from Sponsor, express or implied, without limitation.Sponsor is not responsible for (i) late, lost, delayed, damaged, postage-due, incomplete, illegible, misdirected or undeliverable Entry Materials, responses, or other correspondence, whether by email or postal mail or otherwise; (ii) theft, destruction, unauthorized access to or alterations of Entry Materials; (iii) phone, electrical, network, computer, hardware, software program or transmission malfunctions, failures or difficulties; or (iv) injury or damage to any Entrant's computer or that of any third party resulting from downloading any materials in connection with the Contest or otherwise.

 IN NO EVENT WILL SPONSOR BE LIABLE TO ENTRANT FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS OR PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ENTRANT'S PARTICIPATION IN THE CONTEST, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT SPONSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, SPONSOR'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO ENTRANT ARISING WITH RESPECT TO THESE OFFICIAL RULES WILL NOT EXCEED $25.00. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.

 INDEMNIFICATION. By participating in the Contest, Entrant agrees to release, indemnify, defend and hold Sponsor and its parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, sponsors and agents, including advertising and promotion agencies, and assigns, and any other organizations related to the Contest, harmless from any and all claims, injuries, damages, expenses or losses to person or property and/or liabilities of any nature that in any way arise from participation in the Contest or acceptance or use of a prize, including without limitation: (a) any third party claims made in connection with your Entry, or any representations and warranties made by Entrant in connection with your Entry; and (b) any injuries, losses, or damages (compensatory, direct, incidental, consequential or otherwise) of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of a prize, or acceptance, possession, or use of a prize, or from participation in the Contest.

 ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate, modify or suspend the Contest in whole or in part, if in Sponsor's opinion (a) the Contest is not capable of running as planned by reason of the occurrence of any event beyond its control including, but not limited to, fire, flood, epidemic, pandemic, earthquake, explosion, labor dispute or strike, act of God or public enemy, communications, equipment failure, utility or service interruptions, riot or civil disturbance, terrorist threat or activity, war (declared or undeclared), interference with the Contest by any party, or any federal, state, local or provincial government law, order, or regulation, order of any court or jurisdiction, or other cause not reasonably within Sponsors' control, or (b) any other factors beyond Sponsor's reasonable control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper conduct of the Contest, in all instances without liability to Entrant or any third party. Sponsor also reserves the right to disqualify any Entrant or winner, as determined by Sponsor, in its sole discretion. Examples of when such disqualification may occur is in the event that an individual is found to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Contest, or to be acting in a disruptive manner or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any other person.

 Please review the DEV Terms of Use for additional terms that apply to your participation in the Contest and specifically use of the DEV Community Site. Such terms are incorporated by reference into these Official Rules. If there is a conflict between the Terms of Use and these Official Rules, the Official Rules will apply with respect to the Contest only. By entering the Contest, Entrant agrees that all decisions of Sponsor related to the Contest are final and binding.

 Publicity. Except where prohibited, by participating in the Contest, Entrant consents to the use of their name, photo and/or likeness, biographical information, and statements attributed to Entrant (if true) for advertising and promotional purposes, including without limitation, inclusion in Sponsor's newsletters, inclusion on the DEV Community Site, and syndication via Sponsor's social media channels, without additional compensation.

 Governing Law and Choice of Forum. These Official Rules are governed by the law of the State of California, without reference to rules governing choice of laws. Any action, suit or case arising out of, or in connection with, this Contest or these Official Rules must be brought in either the federal courts located in the Northern District of California or the state courts located in Santa Clara County, California.

 PERSONAL Information. Sponsor will use the personal information it collects from Entrants to facilitate their participation in the Contest and as may be more specifically set forth in these Official Rules. By participating in the Contest, you consent to such collection and use of your personal information.

 WINNERS LIST. For a winners' list or a copy of these Official Rules, send your request and a stamped, self-addressed envelope addressed to the named Contest c/o Major League Hacking PBC Inc., 99 Wall St, Ste 3880, New York, NY 10005.

 SPONSOR'S ADDRESS. Major League Hacking PBC Inc., 99 Wall St, Ste 3880, New York, NY 10005

 We're a place where coders share, stay up-to-date and grow their careers.

 Log in

 Create account
